paste
Search...

LOGIN SIGN UP
Advertisement
Advertise Here

Guest User
Untitled
A GUEST
FEB 23RD, 2023
147
0
NEVER
ADD COMMENT
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up, it unlocks many cool features!
6.79 KB | None |  
  
Practical 2
Using Virtual Box
AIM: Installation and Configuration of virtualization using KVM.
Step 1:-Download virtual box.
Step 2:-Click on new and give name and select type as linux. 
Step 3:-Select the size of ram.
Step 4:-Select VHD.
Step 5:-Select dyanamically.
Step 6:-Give the path and select size.
Step 7:-Select the ISO in storage and click on start.
Step 8:-Select install ubuntu.
Step 9:-Enter name and password and click on continue.
Step 10:-Ubuntu has been installed successfully.
Using VMware
Step 1:-Open Vmware workstation.
Step 2:-Create New Virtual Machine. Select Typically as a Method
Step 3:-Fill Personal Linux information And Click on Next.
Step 4:-Give Virtual Machine a Name & Select the .iso File.
Step 5:-Ubuntu Has been installed successfully.
Ubuntu Commands to Execute
Step 1:- Now open a terminal and execute the following commands to install all the packages needed.  Perform Following commands   #sudo apt update
Step 2:- #sudo apt install qemu qemu-kvm
Step 3:-When you additionally want to use a GUI for the KVM virtualization environment, execute this : #sudo apt install virt-manager
Step 4:-  #sudo grep -c "svm\|vmx" /proc/cpuinfo
Step 5:- #sudo apt-get install qemu-kvm libvirt-bin bridge-utils virt-manager
Step 6:- #sudo adduser <<username>>
Step7:- #sudo adduser tom libvirt
Step 8:- After running above commands, log out and log back in as tom
Step 9:-Login as tom
Step 10:- Follow steps Top menu select Devices->Opticals Drives- >Choose disk image (select any os iso)
Step 11:- # virt-manager
 
PRAC 03
Aim : Study and implentation of infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
1) Download centos-openstack
2) Extract the zip file
3) open virtual box application and import the contents of the zip file
4) for that using machine -- app option you should see the entry centos-openstack 
   in your VM after the import
5) Ensure that the centos-openstack --- setting page does not 
   have any invalid settings
6) also check the following configuration are properly in place or not 
   i) under setting -- USB (turn off USB controller) if it shows up as 
      valid setting
     adjust your RAM to be at or below 80% of your actual
     PC's memory capacity.
   ii) Under centos-openstack --- setting -- network check if the NAT adapter 
     is ENSURE that your PC/Laptop running the virtual application has internet
      connectivity.
   iii) Under centos openstack -- setting network adapter (NAT) . 
      Click the port forwarding " Button and Check if the following port forwarding
     options are in the place , else configure them.
   iv) check the setting page of your centos-openstack VM it should more-or-less 
     be having the setting
7) start the VM let it load
  Enter username : openstack 
  Enter Password : openstack 
8) in the console enter command : Ipconfig
 
Practical 4
Aim: Study and implement of Storage as a service
Steps:
1)Go to browser and download wamp 2.5
2)Double click on wamp
3)Do next - next- next- finish
4)Download Owncloud 6.0.9 zip Then extract the file Owncloud
5) copy the files 
6)And paste it in the wamp server folder--in www folder --and paste it there
7)open the wamp 
8)go to localhost
9)type in url--- localhost/owncloud/
10)create an admin account 
11)then we can add multiple users
12)And we can upload and share the files
 
Practical 5
Aim: Study and implement of Storage as a service
Steps:
1)Go to browser and download wamp 2.5
2)Double click on wamp
3)Do next - next- next- finish
4)Download Owncloud 6.0.9 zip Then extract the file Owncloud
5) copy the files 
6)And paste it in the wamp server folder--in www folder --and paste it there
7)open the wamp 
8)go to localhost
9)type in url--- localhost/owncloud/
10)Login as Admin ID
11)Check the user’s 
 
 
 
PRAC 06
Aim :- To Study Cloud Security Management.
1.	User Creation :
i.	Go to AWS account Console.
ii.	Type IAM in Search box and go to IAM and select user.
iii.	Go to user and then give name to that user and click on create user
iv.	Give user name, select that 2 AWS credential type and generate password and then click on next.
v.	Click on Next.
vi.	Click on create user.
vii.	Download that csv file.
 
2. Setup with MFA device :
i.Go to IAM.
ii. Click on security credential and lick on Assign MFA device .
iii.Give name and click on continue.
iv.	 You need to install google authenticator app on your mobile and scan the QR code.Then type that 2 codes and click on Assign MFA.
v.	Log out from your account.
3. IAM USER CREATION :-
 
i.	create IAM user.
ii.	 Fill the MFA code then confirm and change password.
 
 
 
 
 
practical no:7
Aim: Write a program for web feed
step1: install the software 'RSS builder'.
step2: fill the required things in RSS builder
   feed properties   
       title-w3schools online web tutorials
       url-http;//www.w3school.com
       copyright-2014
       language-engish
       editor-author@www.w3school.com
       webmaster-webmaster@www.w3school.com
       description-enter discription
 
   topic properties:-
       title-new rss builder
       link-http://www.w3school.com
       category-general
       comments-http://www.w3school.com/comments.aspx
       author-author@www.w3school.com
 
step3: write the code in for web feed and it with '.xml' extension.
step4: go to file > new > website > visual c# > asp.net website
step5: then click on ok button
step6: now copy that rss file which was saved with .xml extension inside your website folder
step7: now add new form and add <a href="rss.xml">feed</a>
step8: run the page and click on feed.
step9: the rss webfeed as output or if its loading then download rss subscription extension by google.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRAC 08
AIM: Study and Implementation of Single-Sign-On
 
Step 1 : Go to auth0.com
Step 2 : Choose Personal click on Next
Step 3 : A tenant name will be provided to you select US in region .Click on 
Create Account 
Step 4 : Dashboard will appear .Click on Authentication>>Social
Step 5 : A Google/Gmail connection will appear click on the three dots>>Try Connection.
Step 6 : Choose the account you want to connect
If the connection is established you will be redirected to output page
 
 
 
Practical -9
Aim :- Getting started with AWS S3 in cloud.
Step1 : Login to AWS console.
Step2 : Search and Open Amazon S3 bucket.
Step3: create bucket->click on ACL disaled
step4: click disable on bucket versioning->enter key = name and value = practical
step5: default encryption->click amazon s3-mangaed key->click bucket key disabled
click create bucket
 
Step6 : Open Bucket and -> click on create object.
Step7 : Upload project folder(static project).
Step8 : Add Bucket Policy.
Step9: Enable static web hosting.
Step10 : Copy URL from static web hosting and open in browser
Step11: Static website is hosted on S3 bucket successfully.
 
 
